pull_request_template.md, before:

## What kind of PR is this?
**Select only one** *to speed up review/approval; i.e., don't lump an addition and a removal into a single PR.*

- [ ] **Adding** something new to awesome-ipfs
- [ ] **Editing** something already listed on awesome-ipfs
- [ ] **Removing** something from awesome-ipfs
- [ ] **Something else** *(if so, please explain in the "Additional details" section below)*

<!-- If your change is not listed above, please remove the checklist bellow. -->

## Pre-submit checklist
**Please confirm ALL of the following** before submitting your PR.

- [ ] This PR includes only one addition, removal, or edit.
- [ ] I edited the `/data` directory instead of the [README.md](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs/blob/master/README.md).
- [ ] I reviewed the [content policy](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs/blob/master/POLICY.md) and the and the [IPFS Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) to ensure my submission meets the requirements.
- [ ] I have followed the [CONTRIBUTING.md guidelines](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Additional details

### Is there anything else we should know about this PR?
<!-- If you've checked "Something else" above, or just want to provide additional info or clarification, please do so here. -->

### For new additions: What is your project's *current* size/reach?
<!--This could be number of users, number of integrations, frequency of use, or any other key metrics. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-ipfs, or you don't know these numbers, you can leave this out.-->

### For new additions: What is your project's *potential* size/reach?
<!--This could be number of users, number of integrations, frequency of use, or any other key metrics. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-ipfs, or you don't know these numbers, you can leave this out.-->

### For new additions: How critical is IPFS to your project?
<!--Choose one. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-ipfs, you can leave this out.-->
- [ ] Essential
- [ ] Somewhat critical
- [ ] Useful, but not critical

### For new additions: What core goal(s) does your project address?
<!--Choose as many as apply. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-ipfs, you can leave this out.-->
- [ ] Big-data solutions
- [ ] Freedom from corporate/government interference
- [ ] Data integrity
- [ ] Dev tools or other ways to enable developers
- [ ] Disaster resilience/recovery
- [ ] File storage/retrieval
- [ ] File streaming
- [ ] Permanent archiving
- [ ] Self-sovereign identity
- [ ] Platforms that utilize consensus, reputation, or incentivization
- [ ] Other *(please list)*

### Is anything about IPFS blocking your project?
<!--If aspects of IPFS are hindering your project's progress, please elaborate here.-->

Commit message:

feat: Modified for Awesome-Monacoin.
Signed-off-by: cryptcoin-junkey <cryptcoin.junkey@gmail.com>

pull_request_template.md, after:

## What kind of PR is this?
**Select only one** *to speed up review/approval; i.e., don't lump an addition and a removal into a single PR.*

- [ ] **Adding** something new to awesome-monacoin
- [ ] **Editing** something already listed on awesome-monacoin
- [ ] **Removing** something from awesome-monacoin
- [ ] **Something else** *(if so, please explain in the "Additional details" section below)*

<!-- If your change is not listed above, please remove the checklist bellow. -->

## Pre-submit checklist
**Please confirm ALL of the following** before submitting your PR.

- [ ] This PR includes only one addition, removal, or edit.
- [ ] I edited the `/data` directory instead of the [README.md](https://github.com/monacoinproject/awesome/blob/master/README.md).
- [ ] I reviewed the [content policy](https://github.com/monacoinproject/awesome/blob/master/POLICY.md).
- [ ] I have followed the [CONTRIBUTING.md guidelines](https://github.com/monacoinproject/awesome/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Additional details

### Is there anything else we should know about this PR?
<!-- If you've checked "Something else" above, or just want to provide additional info or clarification, please do so here. -->

### For new additions: What is your project's *current* size/reach?
<!--This could be number of users, number of integrations, frequency of use, or any other key metrics. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-monacoin, or you don't know these numbers, you can leave this out.-->

### For new additions: What is your project's *potential* size/reach?
<!--This could be number of users, number of integrations, frequency of use, or any other key metrics. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-monacoin, or you don't know these numbers, you can leave this out.-->

### For new additions: How critical is Monacoin to your project?
<!--Choose one. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-monacoin, you can leave this out.-->
- [ ] Essential
- [ ] Somewhat critical
- [ ] Useful, but not critical

### For new additions: What core goal(s) does your project address?
<!--Choose as many as apply. If your PR isn't for a new addition to awesome-monacoin, you can leave this out.-->
- [ ] Big-data solutions
- [ ] Freedom from corporate/government interference
- [ ] Data integrity
- [ ] Dev tools or other ways to enable developers
- [ ] Disaster resilience/recovery
- [ ] File storage/retrieval
- [ ] File streaming
- [ ] Permanent archiving
- [ ] Self-sovereign identity
- [ ] Platforms that utilize consensus, reputation, or incentivization
- [ ] Other *(please list)*

### Is anything about Monacoin blockchain blocking your project?
<!--If aspects of Monacoin blockchain are hindering your project's progress, please elaborate here.-->
