scripts/readme-template.md, before:

# Awesome IPFS [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20by-Protocol%20Labs-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://ipn.io)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/project-IPFS-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://ipfs.io/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/freenode-%23ipfs-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23ipfs)

> Useful resources for using [IPFS](https://ipfs.io) and building things on top of it

_This list is for projects, tools, or pretty much any things related to IPFS that are totally_ **awesome**_. This is for products which are already awesome - if you have plans for cool stuff to do with IPFS, you should build it, and then link it here. If you have an idea for an awesome thing to do with IPFS, a good place to ask about it might be in [our IPFS Discuss Forums](https://discuss.ipfs.io)._

## Table of Contents

- [Contribute](#contribute-to-this-list)
- [Collab-Cluster](#collab-cluster)
#PLACEHOLDER_TOC#
- [Discussions](#discussions)
- [Want to hack on IPFS?](#want-to-hack-on-ipfs)
- [License](#license)

## Contribute to this list!

Everyone is welcome to submit their new awesome-ipfs item, but it will be accepted only if it meets our [content policy](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs/blob/master/POLICY.md).

Readme and the website are automatically generated. In order to add an element to this list, you need to modify the files in `/data` and then run  `make build` before publishing your pull request. Read [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to do so.

## Collab-Cluster

[Collaborative clusters](https://collab.ipfscluster.io/) are public IPFS Clusters that anyone can join to help replicating and re-distributing content on the IPFS network. Instead of datasets cluster content is usually updated.

#PLACEHOLDER_CATEGORIES#

## Discussions

* [CRDTs discussion](https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/23)

## Want to hack on IPFS?

[![](https://cdn.rawgit.com/jbenet/contribute-ipfs-gif/master/img/contribute.gif)](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

feat: Modified for Awesome-Monacoin.
Signed-off-by: cryptcoin-junkey <cryptcoin.junkey@gmail.com>

scripts/readme-template.md, after:

# Awesome Monacoin [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)


> Useful resources for using [Monacoin](https://monacoinproject.org) and building things on top of it

_This list is for projects, tools, or pretty much any things related to Monacoin that are totally_ **awesome**_. This is for products which are already awesome - if you have plans for cool stuff to do with Monacoin, you should build it, and then link it here. If you have an idea for an awesome thing to do with Monacoin, a good place to ask about it might be in [our  Discuss Forums](https://github.com/monacoinproject/monacoin/discussions)._

## Table of Contents

- [Contribute](#contribute-to-this-list)
#PLACEHOLDER_TOC#
- [Discussions](#discussions)
- [License](#license)

## Contribute to this list!

Everyone is welcome to submit their new awesome item, but it will be accepted only if it meets our [content policy](https://github.com/monacoinproject/awesome/blob/master/POLICY.md).

Readme and the website are automatically generated. In order to add an element to this list, you need to modify the files in `/data` and then run  `make build` before publishing your pull request. Read [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/monacoinproject/awesome/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to do so.

#PLACEHOLDER_CATEGORIES#

## Discussions

* [CRDTs discussion](https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/23)

## Credit

This site is forked and modified from `ipfs/awesome-ipfs`.

## License

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
